feat: add `blas/ext/base/ndarray/dapxsum` (#9287)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/ext/base/ndarray/dapxsum/docs/repl.txt

{{alias}}( arrays )
    Adds a scalar constant to each element of a one-dimensional

>     double-precision floating-point ndarray and compute the sum.

Reviewer: Same verb form issue - "Adds" followed by "compute" should be "computes" for consistency.

```suggestion
    Adds a scalar constant to each element of a one-dimensional
    double-precision floating-point ndarray and computes the sum.
```

    Parameters
    ----------
    arrays: ArrayLikeObject<ndarray>
        Array-like object containing a one-dimensional input ndarray and a
        zero-dimensional ndarray containing a scalar constant.

    Returns
    -------
    out: number

>         Computed sum.

Reviewer: For consistency with other ndarray packages (e.g., `dsum`), the return value description should be just "Sum." rather than "Computed sum."

```suggestion
        Sum.
```
